This parallel library, developed for the GraphBit project, enables a parallel port on the STM32F407 Discovery development board.
This should be compatible with every single STM development board and even MCU, however, it hasn't been tested.
The parallel library is MISRA-C:2004 compliant

HOW TO USE:
The GraphBit Parallel Library uses variadic functions in order to configure the pins for the parallel bus.
The functions Parallel_InitData(), Parallel_InitAdress() and Parallel_InitChipSelect() are variadic functions.
The function Parallel_InitReadWrite() isn't a variadic function, and allows you to initialise a read pin and a write pin.
The first argument, "size_t num", is the number of pins that you want to configure.
For instance, if you want an 8-bit data bus, call Parallel_InitData(8, ...)
The second argument is a pointer to a GPIO_TypeDef port, for instance GPIOE, these are generated by the STM32 HAL.
The third argument is a pin number, from the port previously mentionned, for instance GPIO_PIN_11. This would configure pin E11 as the least significative bit in the data bus.
The 4th argument is another GPIO_TypeDef port, the 5th another pin and so on. You can initialise buses having anywhere between 0 bits to 16 bits.

Example :
/* Initialize a 8-bit data bus, with no adress pins and 3 chip select pins, with a read signal but no write signals. */
Parallel_InitData(0x08U, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_8, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_9, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_10, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_11, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_12, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_13, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_14, GPIOE, GPIO_PIN_15);
Parallel_InitAdress(0x00U);
Parallel_InitChipSelect(0x03U, GPIOB, GPIO_PIN_11, GPIOB, GPIO_PIN_13, GPIOB, GPIO_PIN_12);
Parallel_InitReadWrite(GPIOB, GPIO_PIN_0, NULL, 0x0000U);
/* Configure all selected pins and enables the rest of the library */
Parallel_Init();
